### Pros and Cons of TDD

An advantage of TDD is the fact that it can help with the earlier detection of bugs. When bugs are detected earlier in the process, less time is spent debugging later on, and the bugs are usually easier and less costly to fix. In addition, writing the test cases first ensures that the requirements and functionality of the code are defined early on in the process, and it leads to a detailed specification of the project before the coding of the functionality and features begins. The tests could also serve as a form of documentation for the code. In addition, TDD leads to simpler code, as it is harder for developers to stray away from the purpose and requirements of the project. The resulting code would be more maintainable, flexible, and easily expanded on, adapted and improved. The reason for this is that TDD forces the code to be modular, and helps potential architectural and other design problems to surface early on when they are easier to deal with. The code would also have a clear interface between its components. 

With TDD, the initial stages of development may feel slow, as a lot of time and effort needs to be put into writing good tests, as well as into defining the requirements, which may not even be clear yet in the very early stages of a project. In addition, maintaining the test suite and keeping the tests up to date also takes time. In a lot of cases, as the project progresses, big changes will happen, and decisions could be made to drop some features, which in turn would mean dropping a test case that took a lot of time and effort to write. TDD also requires commitment and willingness to be followed by all members of the team, the reason for this being that the system can quickly fail/ degrade if not everyone on the team commits to following the principle. 


In conclusion, TDD can be very beneficial, especially in the long run, but could feel slow during early stages and requires a lot of time and effort to maintain.
